Are you talking about yourself?
Living in a high position, rich all life without worries
But still greedy
Has reached such a high position.
Add a few hundred million.
Does missing a few hundred million affect you?
Result.
Bury yourself.
You.
Teaching me.
You said it was okay.
Son, I don't see the coffin anymore.
Son, you are just over 30 years old.
What a good age.
Yes, what a good age.
Unfortunately the first 30 years were lived in vain.
Just the last few days.
Just be human once haha
Something like a dog
Really consider yourself human.
Give me the stuff.
I can still leave you a way to live.
Lao Tzu is a man
decent person
The spirit is not spiritual.
Show him what color.
Toast like crazy alcohol